Now, let's replace the stub that says
writing to CSV file with one that
actually writes the CSV file.
First we import the CSV library.
Here is save the phone list.
First we open the CSV file,
myPhones.csv for write.
Then we write every item in
the phones list to that CSV file.
We use csv.writer on the file handle f,
and then we write a whole row,
which consists of one item
out of the phones list.
And then we close.
When do we use this?
Let's go down to the main loop.
save_phone_list is the last thing
we do before we exit the program.
Now let's run it.
We have our usual list of phones,
Jerry Seinfeld and Cosmo Kramer, and
then we quit.
And when we quit,
we should execute save_phone_list.
So, let's look at myPhones.csv.
And you see that Jerry Seinfeld and
Cosmo Kramer are there.